Add README.md (#4)
keboola/db-extractor-adapter: README.md

# DB extractor adapter

> This library contains a common interface for connecting and data extraction from various sources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library contains a common interface for connecting to, and extracting data from, various sources:
```

- **Interface [`ExportAdapter`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/ExportAdapter.php)**  is an abstraction which defines how the data is to be extracted.
    - Based on `ExportConfig`, [`ExportResult`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/ValueObject/ExportResult.php) is generated. The rows are written to the specified CSV file.
    - By implementing this interface, it is possible to add support for CLI tools for export.
    - Abstract class [`BaseExportAdapter`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/BaseExportAdapter.php) contains common code.
    - Class [`PdoExportAdapter`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/PDO/PdoExportAdapter.php) implements export for PDO connection.
    - Class [`OdbcExportAdapter`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/ODBC/OdbcExportAdapter.php) implements export for ODBC connection.
    - Class [`FallbackExportAdapter`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/FallbackExportAdapter.php) allows you to use multiple adapters. If one fails, then fallback adapter is used.

> - **Interface [`QueryFactory`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/Query/QueryFactory.php)** servers to generate SQL query from `ExportConfig`. It is used if query is not set in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Interface [`QueryFactory`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/Query/QueryFactory.php)** used to generate SQL query from `ExportConfig`. It is used if query is not set in the config.
```

    Class [`DefaultQueryFactory`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/Query/DefaultQueryFactory.php) is base implementation for MySQL/MariaDb compatible SQL dialects. 

> - **Class [`QueryResultCsvWriterTest`](https://github.com/keboola/db-extractor-adapter/blob/master/src/QueryResultCsvWriter.php)** servers to write rows from the `QueryResult` to the specified CSV file. 

Reviewer: `QueryResultCsvWriterTest` Test?
